20240816 To Do List:
- [ ] EBM By 08/23: Gain access to paid AI's (GT-4o and Claude) using AWS and Azure + figure out which version of Claude is available
- [ ] EBM By 08/23: Try to complete some of the tasks that you completed as part of last year's class
- [ ] EBM By 08/23: Update class agenda for 09/23 to reflect NASA Workshop viewing
- [ ] EBM By 08/23: Remove the dates from the class agendas linked from the syllabus page
- [ ] EBM By 08/23: scrape the class github to be replicable for any year
- [ ] EBM By 08/23: update information to reflect mine and Adrian's information(reach out to Adrian through an issue in Github)
- [ ] EBM By 08/23: do Sembly.AI work
- [ ] EBM By 08/23: Academic GitHub accounts pricing (Student version). Write instructions on how to apply in first class agenda.
- [ ] EBM By 08/23: Cheat sheet/ Instructors notes for each class. Link at top of each class with boring title (instructors notes)
- [ ] ABM By 08/23: Get in touch with Eitan and run his final project in myst and see if it works. (Markdown document using myst turning markdown into HtML)
- [ ] ABM By 08/23: Do a zoom with Mridul and implement his fixes
- [ ] ABM By 08/23: Create a read-me file to set up sciserver (create account, create folders, install extension, run test file). Intro to this will be in second or later class.
- [ ] EBM and ABM By 08/23: Review notes for first class. (EBM: Re-view first class from last year)
- [ ] EBM and ABM By 08/23: What have we missed so far to prepare for class?

20240809 To Do List:
- [x] EBM By 8/16: Look through the repo to delete any personal info from last year’s class
- [x] EBM By 8/9: Check with JHU about whether we can get JHU to pay for subscriptions to PaperPile and LitMaps and perhaps other tools
- [x] EBM By 8/9: For any classes for which there are Zoom recordings from last year but no “Meeting Summary” generated by the Zoom “AI companion”, see whether there is a way to retrospectively create the meeting summaries
- [x] EBM By 8/16: Edit course syllabus to incorporate NASA Open Science Course
- [x] EBM By 8/16: Do an AI search of services that allow you to submit Zoom recordings and get an AI  summary + what is pricing
- [x] EBM By 8/16: Reach out to Matt Zahn to see if he can fill in missing Zoom recording gaps
- [ ] EBM By 8/16: See about sharing the folder of recordings w/ @llorracc
- [x] ABM By 8/16: Get familiar with SciServer (https://apps.sciserver.org/dashboard/)
- [x] ABM By 8/16: Get in touch with Mridul on how to set up MySt files 

